We utilized Figma for our wireframe designs. 

Overall, we used app.py for our main center for interactivity, created three tables in SQL: "users", "concepts", and "uploads" to store the users, the concepts teachers submitted, and the content students upload to the site. For HTML, we created a "login", "register" and "student" and "teacher" pages. The student and teacher pages were created in order to distinguish their interface. 

In app.py:

Modeling the login and register page from the Finance problem set, we slightly modified the login and register pages to fit the mission of the site:

First, the login checks if the user submitted a username, password, ensures the username exists and password is correct, and we also select the "role" column from our users table including all roles of users (student or teacher) and depending on if the user selected "student" or "teacher" from the register page, we redirect them to the student or teacher page once the user clicks login and passes all the checks. We added a "role" column to the "users" table in order to differ from student or teacher designation as their sites look and behave differently. 

Next, the register function ensures the user submits a username, returns an apology if the user does not or if the username already exists. The function confirms if the passwords match, returns apology if not. The added complexity for our site includes an if statement that checks if the classroom code is incorrect and if the selected role is a "student". If both conditions are true, it returns apology as the classroom code was not found. Otherwise, the username, password, and role is stored into the table "users" and the user is redirected to the login page in order to login. If the user selected "teacher" and passed all of the passwords and username checks, the user will also be taken to the login page. This check of the classroom code is critical because a student must only be able to register if they truly are taught by this teacher. This design ensures security for the teacher and the teacher's classroom content. 

Within the student function there are a few moving parts. This function enables students to upload content to the teacher's page and allows the student to view teacher's added concepts. In the student upload link form, the student function checks if the user actually typed in a URL link and if the URL does not already exist in the "uploads" table, case insensitive using .lower(). If so, the link will be inserted into the uploads table. This ensures there is not duplicity in the uploaded content. Furthermore, using Jinja and SQL statements to select the uploads and the concepts from their respective tables, the URL links and the concepts the teacher's added appear on the student page. We designed this way in order to ensure teacher's classroom concepts appear in the student page and that the student's links are successfully uploaded to the table where we can then access the links in the teacher page.

Which brings us to the teacher function. In the teacher function, using the "add" button, a teacher adds a concept to their website which simultaneously appears on the student page. By storing the concept into the "concepts" table, we make this accessible for the student page. In order to eliminate the possibility of duplicates, we created an if statement that checks if the user entered a concept and if the concept does not already exist in the "concepts" table, case insensitive using .lower(). Then, the teacher concepts appear on the page using Jinja alongside the uploaded content from the student via SELECT keyword in SQL. Even using a "GET" method, the uploaded content will still appear in the teacher site. 

Our script.js file includes a function called "select()" which if when the user registers, they select "student" from the dropdown, then a form will appear where the student can then type in the classroom code. The default of the classroom code form is "none" but will become "block" or appear if "student" is selected. This is done through "block" and "none" because we do not want the classroom code to appear if "teacher" is selected. 
